Since we worked on the database layer,
the next step logically is to
actually work on the register layer.
It's gonna follow the exact same suite,
so we're gonna do func,
we're gonna have a receiver.
This is gonna be to our ApiHandler, and
we're gonna call RegisterUserHandler,
okay?
And this RegisterUserHandler is gonna
take an event of types.RegisterUser,
because we've specified that before,
we have the JSON tags.
So when we get a request from a client
with a username and password as JSON tags,
we know exactly what
we wanna do with this.
Okay, and now we just basically
can do some logic to check,
if an event.Username is blank or
empty, or event.Password, same thing.
And what we can do is we have to
return error, so we're gonna return.
Let's add that return statement over here.
I'm gonna return fmt.Errorf.
I'm gonna say request, Has empty
parameters, or something like that.
You can get spicy with how you want
to create your error statements.
But these get bubbled back to the client,
so this should be kind of helpful.
And the first thing we wanna do is
call that first function we define.
Does a user with this
username already exist?
Okay, so what we can do is we can call
api.dbStore.DoesUserExist.
So that is where we're using
that piping down, right?
We can just call these methods on our
ApiHandler directly to our dbHandler.
And now our dbHandler is gonna
handle all the logic we just wrote
without really getting into the weeds
of our API letter here, okay?
You can put in the event.Username,
cuz that's what it expects.
And we know that DoesUserExists returns
two values, a Boolean and an error.
So what we can do is userExists,
error, okay?
It's gonna complain these are unused.
So what we can do is if
error does not equal to nil,
we can again just return fmt.Errorf.
And again, you can make a bunch
of helper functions to do this,
I wanna be just more explicit for
this workshop.
So a user with that username
already exists, okay?
And in here, we can say,
does the user exist?
So if userExists, right, meaning true,
our return statement is going to be true.
Actually, this should go down here.
And this error statement should
just be return fmt.Errorf.
And you can put internal server error,
you can do whatever you want.
What I like to do, if there's an error
that stems, so I didn't create the error,
if it comes from a third-party library,
I'd like to surface that error up.
And the way you can do that is the exact
same thing with format specifiers.
Remember the modular string,
modular float, modular int,
there's a specific one for
wrapping an error.
So here, we can put there was
an error checking if user exists,
which is a really bad error message.
I don't know what happened, how is
the developer going to know what happened,
right, or anyone?
So what you can do is put this
module w and put the error.
And now we're basically gonna wrap
that error that we get from the call
to DynamoDB up, we're gonna wrap it.
If there's an error, check if
the user exists, see what we add, and
this all gets surfaced up.
Cool, and
here, if the user exists, let's return
a user with that username already exists.
And if we hit this point in our code,
we know that a user does not exist,
right, does not exist with this username.
So the next logical step
will be to insert this user.
So we're gonna be api.dbStore.InsertUser.
We're gonna put in our entire event,
cuz it's a type register user,
and then all we need to do is error, okay?
And if our error does not equal to nil,
we're gonna say return fmt.Errorf.
Again, we can put another,
there was an error inserting the user or
registering the user,
whatever you wanna say.
So we can put error registering the user,
we can wrap that error,
and we can wrap here,
otherwise we can just return nil.
Okay, so
it's a pretty straightforward function,
just some layer to check if it's empty.
We check if that user exists, and
then we check if we can insert that user.
We're gonna do some basic
level error handling, okay?
And that's all we have to do for
our Go portion.
The only part that remains is actually
writing the code that defines our
DynamoDB, cuz again, that has yet to be
constructed, that has yet to be built.
So what I like to do is at this point,
I like to just do make build.
I'm gonna create a new artifact files for
our lambda and the zip.
And if we go back down to our go_cdk_test,
or just go_cdk file,
we're gonna just basically create a new
table, create DB table here, okay?
And so what we need is not the aws lambda,
I just like to use this print statement or
this input statement.
We can awsdynamodb, okay?
If you go back down,
we can define our table, okay?
It's gonna be awsdynamodb,
I'm gonna put NewTable.
And again, it's gonna take a very
familiar set of properties and
arguments that we define
in the lambda function.
So we're gonna take our stack,
cuz it's all gonna exist in one stack, and
then the name.
So we can do jsii.String,
we can put myUserTable.
Remove that, okay?
And put a reference to
awsdynamodb.TableProps.
And the real nice thing is when you
get these table props, you can just
dive into them and see exactly what
they expect for values to input, right?
As you can see here, we have
the partition key, which is an attribute.
And that's the kind of main key,
that main identifier for
inserting values into DynamoDB,
taking values out, and
then also the table name itself,
what we're gonna name our table.
So I always recommend if there's
a new piece of info that you're
going to be using,
always check these prop structs,
or these props if you're using it
in a CDK in a different language.
>> Did you have to do another
import to get that to work?
>> Yes, I think I missed that part.
Yep, sorry, right here.
Yep, so it comes from
the exact same awscdk/v2, but
it's not AWS lambda, it's AWS DynamoDB.
And then the last piece of info
is gonna follow the similar suit,
it's gonna come from v2.
Cool, all right, so let's go ahead and
build this partition key.
So this partition key,
it's gonna obviously, yes, question?
>> Before we move on, is there
a relationship between myUserTable and
the const that you defined in the other
one, or is it a completely unique ID?
>> This user table will define the table
as it stands in terms of resources for
your cloud formation, but the actual table
name is where we're gonna use that const.
But to answer your question,
there is no strong relationship.
You typically maybe pull those from
.env file to share them across.
In this case,
we're just gonna basically re-declare
that user table from the previous file.
Cool, so here it's gonna take
an AWS DynamoDB attribute,
which we saw from the table props, and
then it's gonna be the name of the key.
And this is pretty important, right?
String, it has to be username,
cuz that's what we base our logic to do.
We base our logic with
the primary key as username.
When we check if a user exists or
if we wanna enter a user,
we're checking by this username, okay?
And the type,
AWS just expects a type from here.
So we can do AWS,
you can put a binary number string.
I'm gonna put a string, okay, and
the last value is the table name.
So TableName: jsii.String, and
this is gonna be userTable.
And this is exactly what
that question was earlier.
Typically, you'd probably wanna put
a .env that's puling that value so
you can share so you don't have this case,
or maybe Amazon secrets or whatever it is.
But right now we're just kinda
hard coding these values.
We wanna make sure that userTable is, in
fact, the constant we have declared here.
So userTable, right, userTable, go back,
userTable, so it definitely matches.
Okay, now there's one more thing.
So you can see here, there's something
different between our lambda and
our table.
Our table, we're returning this value,
this table variable, right?
But we didn't do that for the lambda.
And the reason for that is cuz we
didn't have to, there was no need.
But here there is a need.
And the need for that is because our table
as is has no way of being communicated
by our lambda function.
Yes, they exist in the same stack,
but in terms of actual infrastructure,
our lambda has no idea that
the Dynamo DB table even exists.
It doesn't have the right
permission to communicate with it.
So what I wanna do is
you can put myFunction,
you can declare that
from awslambda function.
And in here, we're gonna do
table.GrantReadWriteData to myFunction.
And what we're saying here is our DynamoDB
table has a method that we're gonna call.
I'm basically saying the role
that our lambda has,
it's gonna have permissions to read
that data and grant that data, or
read that data and
write that data, my apologies.
Cuz if you don't have this and
you try to call a function,
you're gonna get permission denied,
and permission issues are a nightmare.
So this is an important step into
making sure it works correctly.